---
layout: post
title: "Day 13 – Taboo, Open Leaf, slideshow"
date: 2025-06-12
author: Chiamanda Ononiwu
permalink: /day13.html
tags: ["Open  Leaf, "Taboo", "Slideshow" ]

what_i_learned: |
  Today started off really fun during Cohort Connect. We played the Taboo game, which helped me socialize with a lot more people since none of my teammates were in my group. I also gained some insight about myself — I realized I tend to overcomplicate situations. The cards I got were simple, but my explanations were too complex, which made it hard for others to understand me.
  After that, we learned how to use Open Leaf. Then we had a break, and afterward, I finished editing all the sections of my Open Leaf document — adding my blogs, updating the About Me page, and completing the About My Mentors section.
  Later, we began working on our weekly slideshow. We didn’t finish it since we still need to include the activities we’ll be doing tomorrow. We also discussed plans for tomorrow now that our materials have finally arrived.
  
blockers: |
  I wanted to make my Open Leaf document look more visually appealing, but I wasn’t sure which functions to use 

reflection: |
   I was surprised to learn that editing a document like a research paper could involve using a tool that feels almost like building a website. As a group, we discussed the challenges we faced this week and how we could move forward. It was a helpful conversation that gave us clarity. From the games we played in the morning, it was also nice to earn a one-hour early leave pass.
   ---
